# Social Media Analyzer by Modern Crusaders

Social Media Analyzer is a web application that allows users to search for news articles based on keywords, retrieve information from various sources via an external API, and analyze the sentiment and keyphrases of each article using Azure Cognitive Services. Additionally, users can visualize trends in news coverage over time through a dynamic chart displayed on the web page. There is also capability to fetch RSS feeds from the articles retrieved.

## Run localy
1. Clone the repository:
```cmd
git clone https://github.com/NMishchenko/SocialMediaAnalysis.git
```
2. Open the folder with docker-compose.yaml file:
```cmd
cd *insert path to docker-compose.yml here*
```
3. Start the docker containers:
```cmd
docker-compose up
```
4. Open http://localhost:8080 in a browser to access the UI.

`Open http://localhost:7070/swagger to access the application API`

## Features
### Search Functionality
Users can enter keywords in the search bar to retrieve relevant news articles from various sources.

### Article Analysis
Upon selecting an article, users can view detailed information including keyphrases and sentiment analysis generated by Azure Cognitive Services.

### Trends Chart
The application provides a trends chart that visualizes the count of news articles for each day, allowing users to track the popularity of specific topics over time.

### RSS Feed Integration
Users can access RSS feeds from the retrieved articles, enabling them to stay updated with the latest news content.

## Technologies Used
- ASP .NET Core for backend API development
- Angular for frontend development
- Azure Cognitive Services for sentiment analysis and keyphrase extraction
- External News API for retrieving news articles
